so I want to start by offering you a free no-tech life hack, and all it requires of you is this:
that you change your posture for two minutes.
but before I give it away, I want to ask you to right now do a little audit of your body 
and what you're doing with your body.
so how many of you are sort of making yourselves smaller 
maybe you're hunching crossing your legs 
maybe wrapping your ankles sometimes we hold on to our arms like this sometimes we spread out 
I see you 
so I want you to pay attention to what you're doing right now 
we're going to come back to that in a few minutes
and I'm hoping that if you sort of learn to tweak this a little bit 
it could significantly change the way your life unfolds 

so we're really fascinated with
body language and we're particularly
interested in other people's body
language you know we're interested in
like you know a an awkward interaction
or a smile or a contemptuous glance or
maybe a very awkward wink or maybe even
something like a handshake here they are
arriving at number 10 and look at this
lucky policeman gets to shake hands with
the President of the United States oh
here comes the prime minister of it
so a handshake or the lack of the
handshake can have us talking for weeks
and weeks and weeks even the BBC in the
New York Times so so obviously when we
think about nonverbal behavior or body
language but we call it a non verbals as
social scientists its language so we
think about communication when we think
about communication we think about
interactions so what is your body
language communicating to me what's mine
communicating to you and there's a lot
of reason to believe that this is this
is a valid way to look at this so social
scientists have spent a long time
looking at the effects of our body
language or other people's body language
on judgments and we make sweeping
judgments and inferences from body
language and those judgments can predict
really meaningful life outcomes like who
we hire or promote who we ask out on a
date for example Melanie embody a
researcher at Tufts University shows
that when people watch 30 minutes at 30
seconds soundless clips of real
physician-patient interactions their
judgments of the physicians niceness
predict whether or not that physician
will be sued so it doesn't have to do so
much with whether or not that physician
was incompetent but do we like that
person and how they interacted even more
dramatic Alex Todorov at Princeton has
shown us that judgments of political
candidates faces in just one second
predicts 70% of US Senate and
gubernatorial race outcomes and even
let's go digital emoticons used well in
online negotiations can lead you to
claim more value from that negotiation
if you use them poorly bad idea right so
so when we think of non verbals we think
of how we judge others how they judge us
and what the outcomes are we tend to
forget though the other audience that's
influenced by our nonverbals and that's
ourselves we are also influenced by our
nonverbals our thoughts and our feelings
and our physiology
so what nonverbals am i talking about
I'm a social psychologist I study
prejudice and I teach at a competitive
business school so it was inevitable
that I would become interested in power
dynamics
I became especially interested in
nonverbal expressions of power and
dominance and what are non-verbal
expressions of power and dominance well
this is what they are so in the animal
kingdom
they are about expanding so you make
yourself big you stretch out you take up
space you're basically opening up it's
about opening up and this is true across
the animal kingdom it's not just limited
to primates and humans do the same thing
so they do this both when they when they
have power sort of chronically and also
when they're feeling powerful in the
moment and this one is especially
interesting because it really shows us
how universal and old these expressions
of power are this expression which is
known as Pride
Jessica Tracy has studied she shows that
people who are born with sight and
people who are congenitally blind do
this when they win at a physical
competition so when they cross the
finish line and they've won it doesn't
matter if they've never seen anyone do
it they do this so the arms up in the V
the tin is slightly lifted what do we do
when we feel powerless we do exactly the
opposite we close up we wrap ourselves
up we make ourselves small we don't want
to bump into the person next to us so
again both animals and humans do the
same thing and this is what happens when
you put together high and low power so
what we tend to do when it comes to
power is that we compliment the others
nonverbals so if someone's being really
powerful with us we tend to make
ourselves smaller we don't mirror them
we do the opposite of them so I'm
watching this behavior in the classroom
and what do I notice I notice that MBA
students really exhibit the full range
of power nonverbal so you have people
who are like caricatures and alphas like
really coming to the room they get right
into the middle of the room before class
even starts like they really want to
occupy space when they sit down they're
sort of spread out they raise their
hands like this you have other people
who are virtually collapsing when they
come in as soon as they come and you see
it you see it on their faces and their
bodies and they sit in their chair and
they make themselves tiny and they go
like this when they raise their hand
I noticed a couple things about this one
you're not going to be surprised it
seems to be related to gender so women
are much more likely to do this kind of
thing than men women feel chronically
less powerful than men so this is not
surprising but the other thing I noticed
is that it also seemed to be related to
the extent to which the students were
participating and how well they were
participating and this is really
important in the MBA classroom because
participation counts for half a grade so
business schools have been struggling
with its gender grade gap you get these
equally qualified women and men coming
in and then you get these differences in
grades and it seems to be partly
attributable to participation so I
started to wonder you know okay so you
have these people coming in like this
and they're participating is it possible
that we could get people to fake it and
would it lead them to participate more
so my main collaborator Dana Carney
who's at Berkeley and I really wanted to
know can you fake it till you make it
like can you do this just for a little
while and actually experience a
behavioral outcome that makes you seem
more powerful so we know that our
nonverbals govern how other people think
and feel about us there's a lot of
evidence but our question really was do
our nonverbals govern how we think and
feel about ourselves there's some
evidence that they do so for example
when we we smile when we feel happy but
also when we're forced to smile by
holding a pen in our teeth like this it
makes us feel happy so it goes both ways
when it comes to power it also goes both
ways
so when you when you feel powerful
you're more likely to do this but it's
also possible that when you when you
pretend to be powerful you are more
likely to actually feel powerful so the
second question really was you know so
we know that our minds change our bodies
is also true that that our bodies change
our minds and when I say minds in the
case of the powerful what am I talking
about
so I'm talking about thoughts and
feelings and the sort of physiological
things that make up our
our thoughts and feelings and in my case
that's hormones I look at hormones so
what do the minds of the powerful versus
the powerless look like so powerful
people tend to be not surprisingly more
assertive and more confident we're more
optimistic they actually feel that
they're going to win even at games of
chance they also tend to be able to
think more abstractly so there are a lot
of differences they take more risks
there are a lot of differences between
powerful and powerless people
physiologically there also are
differences on two key hormones
testosterone which is the dominance
hormone and cortisol which is the stress
hormone so what we find is that high
power alpha males and primate
hierarchies have high testosterone and
low cortisol and powerful and effective
leaders also have high testosterone and
low cortisol so what does that mean when
do you think about power 10 people
tended to think only about testosterone
because that was about dominance but
really power is also about how you react
to stress so do you want the high power
leader that's dominant high on
testosterone butts really stress
reactive probably not right you want the
person who's powerful and asserted and
dominant but not very stress reactive
the person who's laid-back so we know
that in in primate hierarchies if an
alpha needs to take over if an
individual needs to take over an alpha
role sort of suddenly within a few days
that individuals testosterone has gone
up significantly and as cortisol has
dropped significantly so we have this
evidence both that the body can shape in
mind at least at the facial level and
also that role changes can shape the
mind so what happens okay you take a
role change what happens if you do that
at a really minimal level like this tiny
manipulation this tiny intervention for
two minutes you say I want you to stand
like this and it's going to make you
feel more powerful so this is what we
did we decided to bring people into the
lab and run a little experiment and
these people adopted for two minutes
either high power poses or low power
poses and I'm just going to show you
five of the poses although they took on
only two so here's one a couple more
this one has been dubbed the Wonder
Woman by the media here a couple more so
you can be standing or you can be
sitting and here are the low power poses
so you're folding up you're making
yourself small this one is very
low-power when you're touching your neck
you're really kind of protecting
yourself so this is what happens they
come in they spit into a vial we for two
minutes say you need to do this or this
they don't look at pictures of the poses
we don't want to prime them with a
concept of power we want them to be
feeling power right so two minutes they
do this we then ask them how powerful do
you feel on a series of items and then
we give them an opportunity to gamble
and then we take another saliva sample
that's it that's the whole experiment so
this is what we find risk tolerance
which is the gambling what we find is
that when you're not when you're in the
high-power post-condition eighty-six
percent of you will gamble when you're
in the low-power postcondition only
sixty percent and that's a pretty
whopping significant difference here's
what we find on testosterone from their
baseline when they come in high-power
people experience about a twenty percent
increase and low-power people experience
about a ten percent decrease so again
two minutes and you get these changes
here's what you get on cortisol
high-power people experience about a 25%
decrease and the low-power people
experience about a 15% increase so two
minutes lead to these hormonal changes
that configure your brain to basically
be either assertive confident and
comfortable or really stress reactive
and you know feeling sort of shut down
and we've all had that feeling right so
it seems that our nonverbals do govern
how we think and feel about ourselves so
it's not just others but it's also
ourselves also our bodies change our
minds but the next question of course is
can power posing for a few minutes
really change your life in meaningful
ways so this is an
lab it's this little task it's just a
couple of minutes you know where can you
actually apply this which we cared about
of course and so we think it's really
what what what matters I mean where you
want to use this is evaluative
situations like social threat situations
where are you being evaluated either by
your friends like four teenagers at the
lunchroom table it could be you know for
some people speaking at a school board
meeting it might be giving a pitch or
giving a talk like this or doing a job
interview we decided that the one that
most people could relate to because most
people had been through was the job
interview so we published these these
findings and the media are all over and
they say okay so this is what you do
when you go in for the job interview
right you know so we were of course
horrified and I said oh my god no no
that's not what we meant at all for
numerous reasons no no no don't do that
again this is not about you talking to
other people it's you talking to
yourself what do you do before you go
into a job interview you do this right
you're sitting down you're looking at
your iPhone or your Android not trying
to leave anyone out you are you know
you're looking at your notes you're
hunting up making yourself small when
really what you should be doing maybe is
this like in the bathroom right do that
find two minute so that's what we want
to test okay so we bring people into a
lab and they do a couple they do either
high or low power poses again they go
through a very stressful job interview
it's five minutes long they are being
recorded they're being judged also and
the judges are trained to give no
nonverbal feedback so they look like
this like imagine this is the person
interviewing you so for five minutes
nothing and this is worse than being
heckled people hate this if it's what
Maryann LaFrance calls standing in
social quicksand so this really spikes
your cortisol so this is the job
interview we put them through because we
really wanted to see what happened we
then have these coders look at these
tapes four of them they're blind to the
hypothesis they're blind to the
conditions they have no idea who's been
posing in what pose and they they they
end up looking at these sets of tapes
and they say oh we want to hire these
people all the high-powered posers
we don't want to hire these people we
also evaluate these people much more
positively overall but what's driving it
it's not about the content of the speech
it's about the present that they're
bringing to the speech we also because
we rate them on all these variables
related to sort of confidence like how
well-structured is the speech how good
is it what are their qualifications no
effect on those things this is what's
affected these kinds of things
people are bringing their true selves
basically they're bringing themselves
they bring their ideas but as themselves
with no you know residue over them so
this is what's driving the effect or
media mediating the effect so um when I
tell people about this that our bodies
change our minds and our minds can
change our behavior and our behavior can
change your outcomes they say to me I
don't it feels fake right so I said fake
it till you make it
like I don't it's not me like I don't
want to get there and then still feel
like a fraud I don't want to feel like
an impostor I don't want to get there
only to feel like I'm not supposed to be
here and that really resonated with me
because I want to tell you a little
story about being an imposter and
feeling like I'm not supposed to be here
when I was 19 I was in a really bad car
accident I was thrown out of a car
rolled several times I was thrown from
the car and I woke up in a head injury
rehab Ward and I had been withdrawn from
college and I learned that my IQ had
dropped by two standard deviations which
was very traumatic a numeric you because
I had identified with being smart and I
had been called gifted as a child so I'm
taking out a college I keep trying to go
back they say you're not going to finish
college like just you know there's there
other things for you to do but that's
not going to work out for you so I
really struggled with this and I have to
say having your identity taken from you
your core identity and if for me it was
being smart having that taken from you
there's nothing that leaves you feeling
more powerless than that so I felt
entirely powerless I worked and worked
and worked and I got lucky and worked
and got lucky and worked eventually I
graduated from college took me four
years longer than my peers and I
convinced someone by my angel advisor
Susan
is to take me on and so I ended up at
Princeton and I was like I am not
supposed to be here I am an impostor and
the night before my first year talking
the first year talk at Princeton is a 20
minute talk to 20 people that's it I was
so afraid of being found out the next
day that I called her and said I'm
quitting she was like you are not
quitting because I took a gamble on you
and you're staying you're going to stay
and this is what you're going to do you
were going to fake it you're going to
take you're going to do every talk that
you ever get asked to do you're just
going to do it and do it and do it even
if you're terrified and just paralyzed
and having an out-of-body experience
until you have this moment where you say
oh my gosh I'm doing it like I have
become this I am actually doing this so
that's what I did five years in grad
school a few years you know I'm at
Northwestern I moved to Harvard I'm at
Harvard I'm not really thinking about it
anymore but for a long time I had been
thinking not supposed to be here not
supposed to be here so the end of my
first year at Harvard a student who had
not talked in class the entire semester
who I had said look you got to
participate or else you're going to fail
came into my office I really didn't know
her at all and she said she came in
totally defeated and she said I'm not
supposed to be here and that was the
moment for me because two things
happened one was that I realized oh my
gosh I don't feel like that anymore
you know I don't feel that anymore but
she does and I get that feeling and the
second was she is supposed to be here
like she can fake it she can become it
so he's like yes you are you are
supposed to be here and tomorrow you're
gonna fake it you're gonna make yourself
powerful and you know
and
you're gonna go you're gonna go into the
classroom and you are gonna give the
best comment ever you know and she gave
the best comment ever and people turned
on they're like oh my god I didn't even
notice her sitting there you know she
comes back to me months later and I
realize that she had not just faked it
till she made it she had actually faked
it till she became it so she had changed
and so I I want to say to you don't fake
it till you make it
fake it till you become it you know it's
not do it enough until you actually
become it and internalize the last thing
I'm going to leave you with is this tiny
tweaks can lead to big changes so this
is two minutes two minutes two minutes
two minutes before you go into the next
stressful evaluative situation for two
minutes try doing this in the elevator
in a bathroom stall at your desk behind
closed doors that's what you want to do
get configure your brain to cope the
best in that situation get your
testosterone up get your cortisol down
don't leave that situation feeling like
oh I didn't show them Who I am
leave that situation feel like I really
feel like I got to say Who I am and show
Who I am so I want to ask you first
you know both to try power posing and
also I want to ask you to share the
science because this is simple I don't
have you go involved in this give it
away like share it with people because
the people who can use it the most are
the ones with no resources and no
technology and no status and no power
give it to them because they can do it
in private they need their bodies
privacy and two minutes and it can
significantly change the outcomes of
their life thank
you


life hack 生活小撇步
posture 姿勢 
audit 檢查、審查
give it away : to supply something at no charge 在我說明前
yourselves 你自已
hunching 駝背
spread out 打開
wrap : to cover or surround something 覆蓋或包圍某物
significantly 明顯地
unfold 展開 if a situation or story unfolds, it develops or becomes clear to other people
fascinated 著迷的